before starting this or any other
workout or diet regimen you should
always consult your physician your
personal health and safety is our
biggest concern
biceps are actually only about 33% of
the arm and the rest of the arm is
actually made up by the tricep and it's
often neglected but it really is very
important in a lot of the pressing
movements and the pushing movements and
if you really want to have nice arms
that look good both from the front and
also to add dimension to the rest of
your body
you really have to do triceps so if you
want to have this you got to do these
that's the bottom line let me show you
how to do one-armed tricep extensions I
like to do on the bench like this as a
matter of fact this is the only exercise
aside from a couple of legs exercises
where it's actually okay to extend your
arm completely I'm actually going to
keep this arm here on the tricep and I'm
going to brace my arm with it and I'm
going to lower the weight to the
opposite side of my chest
and then extend my arm completely
it's a very very simple movement but the
hard part is actually keeping the arm
straight and not doing this or this this
is how we do the tricep extension at the
top of the exercise we actually extend
as far as we can go and that should flex
the tricep my hands although I'm holding
the weight very securely is relaxed my
hand is very relaxed this arm is just
for guidance and I'm letting the weights
come down not letting it touch my chest
so there's still tension and sort of a
stretch in the tricep and then extending
up just like that
now we're gonna do a changeup on this
exercise to the change-up looks like
this
and you would not believe how this feels
after doing several repetitions this way
you should actually be moving the
weights slowly and under control however
once you start fatiguing the muscle and
you recognize exactly where it is then
you can start pumping iron if you will
once you feel very secure in how you're
moving the weights you can actually
start picking up the momentum to about
one and a half times speed you were
using before and then might change up
this is what it looks like
I like to do this exercise first because
it's a very sharp movement it involves
flexing the tricep independent from the
wave and if I get my other tricep
exercises going I'm really not going to
have that same kind of sensation because
my triceps are going to be so filled up
and so feeling so powerful I'm not going
to really be able to make that superior
connection of extending my arm
completely once they're exhausted so I
want to do this exercise first most
folks in this field would do this
exercise last but I want you to trust me
on this
if it doesn't work for you you can try
at last but I believe it's a good
exercise to start off first
you